--- 
layout: post
title: 总会有时间来实现你的梦想
disqus_id: /2009/3/28/there_is_always_time_to_launch_your_dream
categories: 
  []
---


bq. “I’d love to start a company / become a great programmer / write an awesome blog, but there’s just not enough time in the day!” Bullshit. There’s always enough time, you’re just not spending it right.

看到了"DHH":http://www.loudthinking.com/ 的这篇"post":post 当时感触就很深，本想译出来偏不得闲，恰今天遇一事忆起且又有闲，试译一下，原文就很简单本不需译，纯当练手好玩尔;)
<blockquote><p>“I’d love to start a company / become a great programmer / write an awesome blog, but there’s just not enough time in the day!” Bullshit. There’s always enough time, you’re just not spending it right.</p>

Now that’s some tough love, but I’m sick and tired of hearing “no time” as an excuse for why you can’t be great. It really doesn’t take that much time to get started, but it does take wanting it really bad. Most people just doesn’t want it bad enough and protect their ego with the excuse of time.

This excuse is particularly depressing when it comes from students. Oh, I have so many classes. Oh, I have so much home work. There’s simply no time to learn outside of school. Then you’re doing it wrong!

Never let your schooling interfere with your education, someone clever once said. Being willing to sacrifice at the edges is one of the most important skills you’ll ever learn.

I’ve received plenty of Bs and even Cs for classes that I was incredibly proud of because they came from hardly no time spent at all. Time that I could then spend on reading my own curriculum, starting my own projects, and running my own businesses.

And I did. During my undergrad, I created Instiki, Rails, Basecamp, and got on the path to being a partner at 37signals. Do you think I could fit all that and still get straight As and have lots of time left over for playing World of Warcraft? No.

If you want it bad enough, you’ll make the time, regardless of your other obligations. Don’t let yourself off the hook with excuses. It’s too easy and, to be honest, nobody cares on the other side.

<p>It’s entirely your responsibility to make your dreams come through.
</p></blockquote>

“我非常希望开一家公司/成为一个伟大的程序员/写一篇令人惊叹博客，但是没有足够的时间！”屁话。总有足够的时间，你只是没有正确使用！ 

爱之深责之切吧，现我已经十分厌倦听到以“没有时间”作为自己为何不足够强大的借口。不需要太多时间就可以开始，但这取决于是否真的非常想要。大多数人并不是真的足够想要，仅仅是拿时间作为自我开脱的借口而已。 

尤其是听到学生说出这个借口时，会特别令人沮丧。“噢，我有这么多课。噢，我有那么多的家庭工作。有根本没有时间学习的学校以外的东西。”你错了！ 

绝不让学业干扰了您的教育，曾有智者如是说。为了取得优势情愿付出是你需要学习的最重要技能之一。 

我的成绩曾得过大量的B，甚至还有C，但我仍然为此非常自豪，因为我几乎没有时间管它们。当时我的时间都花在阅读自己的课程，开始自己的项目，并运行自己的业务上了。 

我做到了。在我大学阶段，我创建Instiki ，Rails，BaseCamp，并走上了37signals合伙人之路。那么你会认为我能搞定上面所说的这一切，并有很多时间来魔兽世界？No 

如果你真的非常想要，无论怎样你都会抽出时间。不要拿借口来开脱。这是太容易了，并坦率地说，别人鬼在乎你这些。 

让你梦想成真完全你自己的责任。

[post]http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1619-theres-always-time-to-launch-your-dream

